Increased spacing between `River` components on mobile viewports (#791)
primer/brand: .changeset/angry-masks-kneel.md

---
'@primer/brand-primitives': patch
'@primer/react-brand': patch
---

> Increased spacing between `River` components on mobile viewports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increased spacing between `River` components on narrow viewports from `28px` to `36px`
```
